			ADT Assignment 4: Aggregate Commands

Q1. Consider the database of Hospital Management System with collections Doctors, Patient
      Insert 5 records into each collection. Perform the following queries using aggregate 
       commands. Find the doctors whose OPD charges are greater than 100.
a.	Display Patient name and category of patients (IPD & OPD)
b.	Display first three doctors from Doctors collection.
c.	Find average salary of IPD doctors.


Q2. Consider the Movie database with collections Movies, Actors
       Insert 5 records into each collection and perform following queries using aggregate
       commands:
a.	Sort the movies based on release year.
b.	Display first three actors from Actor collection.
c.	Display all the movies based on release year.
d.	Display the movies having average budget

Q3. Consider Hotel Management System with collections Staff, Inventory, Order, Customers.
        Insert 5 records into each collection. Perform the following queries using aggregate
       commands:
a.	Group and display all the items having minimum quantity from inventory.
b.	Group and display all the orders having maximum total bill.
c.	Add two phone numbers into phone number array field of customer “Mr. Patil”.
d.	Find the staff having salary greater than 25000.

Q4. Consider Vaccination System with collections Vaccines, Vaccinationcenters, Patients.
        Insert 5 records into each collection. Perform the following queries using aggregate 
       commands:
a.	Group the vaccination centers location wise and display only center name and location.
b.	Sort the customer details alphabetically and display first two records.
c.	Display vaccines having average price.
d.	Display vaccine name and price fields for vaccine having average price.


Q5. Consider Cab Booking Database with collections Drivers, Passengers, Booking, 
        Transactions. Insert 5 records into each collection. Perform the following queries using 
         aggregate commands.
a.	List the transactions with lowest price amount.
b.	Sort the bookings based on dates.
c.	Display first three booking details grouped date wise.
d.	List transactions greater than 250 
